This was some random job I found on freelancer.com. I didn't get the gig, but decided to implement it anyway for fun! Here is the 
original description:
"
Project Description: 
I need a script (e.g. python) to convert data from excel file to sqlite database. 
I am already having sqlite database created and I need the script to create tables 
with data from each excel file (.xlxs) file I am having. I might need to define the 
following parameters in the script:

* Database file path
* Excel file path
* Required SQLite table name

The script shall create the SQLite table structure (columns, data) based on the 
defined excel file. Please note the excel file is having data with UTF-8 text
"

NonStandard Dependencies:
xlrd python package  -  http://www.python-excel.org/

Considerations:
http://www.sqlite.org/limits.html

Notes:
Takes an Excel file. This file must not be password protected.
Creates table(s) in sqlite database per sheet in file with naming convention bookname_sheetname, removing non allowed characters for
column name, ie - "Sheet2 (2)" -> Sheet22.
Reads data from Excel file into sqlite database.

Input:
An existing Excel file. 
An sqlite database, one will be created at the specified path if it does not already exist.

readFromXls.py:
Main file. 
Opens a database connection.
Opens Excel file.
Calls createTable.py to create the table. Commits changes.
Calls fillTable.py to fill the table. 
Closes database.
(Note: the excel workbook is implicitly closed by xlrd)

createTable.py:
Creates a table in the database with the naming convention bookname_sheetname.
Scans FIRST ROW of data to determine datatypes.
If a NULL datatype is found in first row, scans down column to determine type. If no other type exists, determines column is TEXT.
Important note! This function will drop an existing table if one of the same name already exists. 

fillTable.py:
Fills the table with data from the Excel sheet.
A buffer can be provided as a parameter by the user for how many rows are to be inserted at one time. Default is 100.



